#labels AWS,Documentation
== AWS ==

[AWSCosts]

An overview of Amazon Web Services can be found on the [http://www.ukoln.ac.uk/repositories/digirep/index/Fedorazon_How_to_Guides Fedorazon wiki]

Even if you're used to working on virtual servers, you still need to get your head around the different parts of Amazon Web Services. It does not operate quite like a simple VPS.

[http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/AWSEC2/2009-04-04/UserGuide/ Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide]. You really should read this to understand how things work both conceptually and in practice. It will save you time!

===Third Party Management Tools===

Although I briefly describe how to set up AWS EC2 and S3 using the AWS documentation, a number of free and commercial third-party management tools exist to do this via a web browser. i.e. [http://rightscale.com RightScale]

=== EC2 ===

Amazon's [http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/AWSEC2/latest/GettingStartedGuide/index.html documentation] on getting started is clear and useful. There are many different Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) available, but Amazon only officially provide Fedora 8 for Linux. Canonical provide images of Ubuntu

Next, in addition to using the AWS Management Console, you should also set up and learn how to use the [http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/AWSEC2/latest/GettingStartedGuide/ commandline tools].

If you use OS X to work on AWS, you need to get your paths right. The Amazon documentation does not account for OS X. There's a good explanation on [http://www.robertsosinski.com/2008/01/26/starting-amazon-ec2-with-mac-os-x this blog].

I added this to my .bash_profile

{{{
export EC2_HOME=~/.ec2
export PATH=$PATH:$EC2_HOME/bin
export EC2_PRIVATE_KEY=`ls $EC2_HOME/pk-*.pem`
export EC2_CERT=`ls $EC2_HOME/cert-*.pem`
export JAVA_HOME=/System/Library/Frameworks/JavaVM.framework/Home/
export EC2_URL=https://eu-west-1.ec2.amazonaws.com
}}}

You can either choose to do everything via the commandline or use the Management Console for some tasks and the commandline for others.

=== S3 ===

Once you've got an AMI up and running and have access to the commandline tools, you should prepare your server and then 'bundle' the AMI as your own private machine and offload it to the S3 storage service.

Go here for [http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/AmazonS3/latest/gsg/ S3 documentation]. This documentation assumes you have a working knowledge of a scripting or programming language and can work directly with the S3 API.  An alternative method of creating and managing S3 buckets would be to use a third-party management console or a [https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/search?q=s3&cat=all Firefox plugin].


=== Elastic Block Storage ===

This is simply a way to add a disk to your AMI. There is good [http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-ebs.html documentation] on setting EBS up and using it.

The reasons for using EBS is to safeguard against anything happening to your AMI and consequently losing data. You can snapshot EBS to create backups. You can't mount S3 storage as a drive on your AMI, but you can do so with EBS. Typically, I am rsyncing data from the /var /etc /root and /home directories on the AMI to EBS and making daily snapshots.

==Elastic IP addresses===

This provides a permanent, static IP address that you 'own'. There is good [http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/concepts-elastic-addressing.html documentation] on what an elastic IP address is and how to use one. They are free as long as they are in use. They are useful because you can assign any of your AMIs to the IP address and use the address in your DNS records. For example, you might have two AMIs that you want to hot swap to a given domain name without having to change the DNS record for the domain name.

===Tips===

 * The Amazon documentation is, on the whole, very good. However, there are times when it is not clear whether the commandline tool they refer to is part of the local toolkit or on the AMI. 

 * Once you've got a private AMI registered and you can login using ssh, you need to set up the server for handling web and mail traffic.  Amazon's Fedora AMI is old so proceeded to update it to Fedora 11. Note that the kernel does not get updated. Amazon provide kernels that are tested to work on their service.

 * You should be aware that terminating your private AMI really does 'destroy' any changes you've made to the machine since it was last started. OS upgrades and changes to config files will all be lost if you terminate your AMI. You can however reboot your machine without terminating it and you will not lose data.

 * In addition, since JISCPress runs on Fedora, the [http://docs.fedoraproject.org/ Fedora Project documentation] might be useful.

* Your AMI will be assigned a dynamic, alpha-numeric hostname. This means that you can't create your own reverse DNS record for your mail server and consequently a lot of mail from your server will be marked as spam. For our project purposes, we can probably live with this, but for a full-time production service, mail would need to be relayed by an external service. It's worth [http://developer.amazonwebservices.com/connect/search.jspa?searchKB=true&searchForums=true&searchQuery=&threadID=&q=ptr+OR+%22reverse+dns%22&objID=f30&dateRange=last30days&userID=&numResults=15&rankBy=10001 checking the AWS forums] to see if this situation has changed.