#labels Meeting
<pre>
(9:08:10 PM) eddieat [n=eddie@adsl-76-195-10-110.dsl.snfc21.sbcglobal.net] entered the room.
(9:08:22 PM) eddieat: hello sir
(9:08:29 PM) josswinn: hiya
(9:08:39 PM) eddieat: irc. it's a world.
(9:08:49 PM) josswinn: do you use it much?
(9:09:19 PM) eddieat: nope. i've played with it on few occasions, but never seriously
(9:09:41 PM) eddieat: you?
(9:09:42 PM) josswinn: I tend to set up a client once to automatically join everything on start up and then forget how to set it all up
(9:09:50 PM) eddieat: are we waiting for anyone else?
(9:10:01 PM) josswinn: which is why I was a bit slow setting it up on my home XP machine.
(9:10:12 PM) josswinn: anyway, here we are. it's a public channel and being logged.
(9:10:24 PM) eddieat: where do the logs appear?
(9:10:53 PM) josswinn: dunno, but I'm logging it in my client and will copy and paste the meeting to the google code wiki
(9:11:09 PM) eddieat: i see
(9:11:23 PM) josswinn: it's an easy way of taking 'minutes' for any meetings - i'm lazy.
(9:11:38 PM) josswinn: so how's things?
(9:11:51 PM) eddieat: great!
(9:12:10 PM) eddieat: i've been meeting with really interesting people recently
(9:12:17 PM) josswinn: by the way, you can see why I mean from the writetoreply meeting logs... http://wiki.writetoreply.org/wiki/IRC_Meetings
(9:12:35 PM) josswinn: anything to tell me regarding commentpress?
(9:12:47 PM) josswinn: or anything else that's interesting in your work right now!
(9:12:57 PM) eddieat: some commentpress news :)
(9:13:38 PM) eddieat: i was in new york a few days ago and met with the old institute crowd
(9:13:49 PM) eddieat: they are interested in helping out with the project as well
(9:14:00 PM) eddieat: so the original team is coming back together
(9:14:02 PM) josswinn: institute for the book?
(9:14:04 PM) eddieat: yea
(9:14:21 PM) josswinn: have you shared our project with them?
(9:14:31 PM) ***eddieat shared?
(9:14:41 PM) josswinn: hopefully, they've seen the project bid?
(9:15:02 PM) eddieat: i've not gone in too much detail with them.. they know about it though
(9:15:13 PM) josswinn: so what are you all thinking?
(9:16:13 PM) eddieat: well, as i said, the name is going to change
(9:16:33 PM) josswinn: to what again?
(9:16:34 PM) eddieat: that name is tied too closely to the institute work
(9:16:41 PM) eddieat: we want to break away from that
(9:16:47 PM) eddieat: Marginalia
(9:17:05 PM) josswinn: as in margin annotations?
(9:17:10 PM) eddieat: correct :)
(9:17:26 PM) josswinn: not as catchy as commentpress, but it's your call :-)
(9:18:01 PM) eddieat: actually, commentpress had lots of resistance initially :)
(9:18:05 PM) eddieat: people get used to it
(9:18:21 PM) eddieat: second:
(9:18:21 PM) josswinn: so who's the old team? how do you expect to work? will they help out on JISCPress?
(9:18:29 PM) eddieat: probably not.
(9:19:10 PM) eddieat: one is really good at writing about it.. the other is good with modeling ideas.. (im not a designer)
(9:19:32 PM) eddieat: the scope is going to be a bit more broad. try and unify the community of installed sites
(9:19:43 PM) eddieat: when someone installs they'll have a nice backend panel
(9:19:53 PM) josswinn: you said the original team is coming back together? so are you all planning on developing things further, aside from the JISCPress project?
(9:20:24 PM) eddieat: well, the priority right now is the JISCPress
(9:20:35 PM) eddieat: i need to finish a lot of the basic functioanlity
(9:21:06 PM) eddieat: they'll help once things seem stable
(9:21:11 PM) eddieat: and there is a community to build
(9:21:24 PM) josswinn: when do you expect to get it stable and ready for production?
(9:21:46 PM) eddieat: a few weeks ago :)
(9:22:00 PM) eddieat: but work has been delaying me quite a bit
(9:22:13 PM) eddieat: i've not done much coding recently.
(9:22:33 PM) eddieat: once this JISC money starts coming in i can justify spending more time on it
(9:23:23 PM) eddieat: so i think we should layout a plan of the work i need to do for JISC
(9:23:30 PM) josswinn: yes
(9:23:37 PM) eddieat: i can work extremely focused and then worry about these future plans
(9:23:49 PM) eddieat: JISC will be a god launching pad
(9:24:19 PM) josswinn: do you have the project document in front of you? http://docs.google.com/Doc?id=dc4c9rrc_154d82jk9df&hl=en_GB
(9:24:25 PM) eddieat: yea
(9:24:57 PM) eddieat: getting the code WCAG is important
(9:25:04 PM) eddieat: that was one thing you said you really wanted
(9:25:10 PM) josswinn: you haven't joined the mailing list yet, so you may not have seen the recent update: http://groups.google.com/group/jiscpress
(9:25:29 PM) josswinn: Tony and I met on Wednesday to hammer a few basics out
(9:27:19 PM) eddieat: google wave
(9:27:36 PM) eddieat: i've been thinking about that
(9:28:04 PM) josswinn: You'll see that I've been in touch with Automattic about XMPP PubSub and decided to shelve it for this project. It sounds like a bigger undertaking than we need and they are doing the work anyway, which will eventually be released to the community.
(9:29:55 PM) eddieat: alright
(9:31:26 PM) eddieat: there are very basic things that woud be good to start out with, like the Paragraph URI, User RSS, Paragraph specific pingback, import and export
(9:31:38 PM) josswinn: you said that you were thinking about ways to import documents into CommentPress from PDF, etc? The import/authoring aspect of the project is important. I'd appreciate it if you could post something to the mailing list sketching out any ideas.
(9:31:54 PM) josswinn: yes. did you see the paragraph embed idea, too?
(9:32:10 PM) josswinn: if it's got a URI, it can be embedded, no?
(9:32:16 PM) eddieat: yea.. i did.
(9:32:18 PM) eddieat: that's interesting
(9:32:27 PM) eddieat: that's true!
(9:32:29 PM) eddieat: except!
(9:32:41 PM) eddieat: oh wait. no except.
(9:32:45 PM) eddieat: i know exactly how
(9:32:51 PM) eddieat: i just thought of a way
(9:33:48 PM) josswinn: do go on... :-)
(9:33:51 PM) eddieat: http://example.com/path/to&embed=true#paragraph
(9:34:16 PM) eddieat: the embed tag fires a parser that returns only the paragraph
(9:34:34 PM) eddieat: actually. there would need to be Javascript that will print that URL content
(9:35:17 PM) eddieat: <script>var content = http://example.com/path/to&embed=true#paragraph; document.write(content)</script>
(9:35:22 PM) eddieat: pseudo code
(9:36:18 PM) eddieat: that would be a neat little feature!
(9:36:21 PM) josswinn: ok. so that would be nice. 
(9:36:36 PM) josswinn: i'll add it to the UserVoice site... one moment
(9:38:37 PM) josswinn: http://jiscpress.uservoice.com/pages/16603-general/suggestions/218519-allow-embedding-of-paragraphs-on-external-sites-using-embed-code
(9:39:21 PM) josswinn: ok. before we start on any of these, I need to talk with our users. but if we can just agree on as many feasible features as possible, we'll use the USerVoice site to prioritise them and comment on any detailed requirements. OK?
(9:39:54 PM) josswinn: You may have seen from the mailing list that Andy McGregor, our JISC Programme Manager will often act as a proxy user for other JISC staff.
(9:40:56 PM) josswinn: that helps me, as I'm effectively dealing with just one user much of the time. but there'll also be times when we'll need to canvas wider opinion. I'm hoping that once we've got something to show, people might get involved in testing and maybe even developing. who knows!
(9:42:25 PM) josswinn: by the way, there's a firehose feed of every change on every site we're using here: https://www.google.com/reader/bundle/user/11625963246721627235/bundle/JISCPress firehose 
(9:42:50 PM) josswinn: calendar changes, code commits, mailing list posts, everything. 
(9:43:12 PM) josswinn: some people prefer feeds, to reading email...
(9:43:15 PM) eddieat: permission denied
(9:43:54 PM) josswinn: so shall we just quickly run down the list in the mailing post?
(9:44:02 PM) josswinn: sorry, permission denied where?
(9:44:26 PM) eddieat: google reader
(9:45:06 PM) josswinn: try now
(9:45:11 PM) eddieat: lets run down the list
(9:45:30 PM) eddieat: sama sama
(9:45:47 PM) josswinn: OK...
(9:46:00 PM) eddieat: (sorry. that's indonesian for "the same".. which i got into a habit of saying for some reason)
(9:46:12 PM) eddieat: (and i am not indonesian)
(9:46:19 PM) josswinn: 1: The AMI. That's mine.
(9:46:27 PM) josswinn: 2: The VDI: That's mine.
(9:46:49 PM) josswinn: 3: Paragraph URIs: Yours (tell me when you disagree...!)
(9:46:58 PM) eddieat: 3. Paragraph URI: mine
(9:47:28 PM) josswinn: 4: Syndication: Well, it's out of the box in WordPress. The comment author feeds is yours
(9:48:33 PM) eddieat: 5. Notification/push: Mine. but you said to not do.
(9:48:49 PM) eddieat: actually, i want to implement simple notification
(9:48:52 PM) josswinn: 5: Notifications/push: No XMPP, but we need to get Twitter notifications right
(9:48:57 PM) eddieat: yea
(9:48:57 PM) josswinn: what were you thinking of
(9:49:22 PM) eddieat: twitter is one. but another is simple polling of the comments table to see if comments have appeared
(9:49:29 PM) eddieat: while the user is on the site
(9:49:37 PM) josswinn: there's a wp plugin called wp-sup for friendfeed notifications (I use it - works well)
(9:49:38 PM) eddieat: if so.. do some growl like notification
(9:50:17 PM) josswinn: i see. Can you add that to the UserVoice site, please? http://jiscpress.uservoice.com/pages/16603-general/suggestions/210825-remote-realtime-messaging-services-such-as-twitter-and-xmpp-integration
(9:50:39 PM) josswinn: for now, a short comment on what you're proposing, so a user will understand 
(9:51:19 PM) josswinn: There are Twitter plugins (actually, just one worth considering for pushing notifications) 'twitter-tools'
(9:51:40 PM) eddieat: huh
(9:51:41 PM) eddieat: alright
(9:51:50 PM) josswinn: however, it doesn't mix well with the site-wide-tags plugin for WPMU. It send duplicate notifications. so we'll need to look at that.
(9:51:59 PM) josswinn: is there a problem :-)
(9:52:56 PM) eddieat: i think a custom notifier for twitter is easy
(9:53:05 PM) eddieat: i'll just take some of the code
(9:53:11 PM) josswinn: OK
(9:53:16 PM) josswinn: good :-)
(9:54:45 PM) eddieat: Google Wave: i would like to have some time to play with when it's released but still to early :)
(9:54:48 PM) josswinn: setting up email notification is easy enough, i guess. we could use feedburner on the 'tags' site
(9:54:54 PM) josswinn: yeah
(9:55:06 PM) josswinn: do you knwo what i'm talking about when i mention the 'tags' site?
(9:55:19 PM) eddieat: yup
(9:55:30 PM) eddieat: i did that for a MU installation recently
(9:55:33 PM) eddieat: that already exists
(9:55:40 PM) josswinn: i.e. http://en.wordpress.com/tags/ and http://writetoreply.org/tags/
(9:55:42 PM) josswinn: cool!
(9:55:57 PM) eddieat: :)
(9:55:59 PM) josswinn: we'll come to that in a minute, further down the list
(9:56:13 PM) eddieat: Authoring: I want to spend some time importing
(9:56:16 PM) josswinn: right, 6: Wave. yes, let's just keep an eye on it
(9:56:16 PM) eddieat: that will take LOTS of time
(9:56:22 PM) eddieat: but i would like to
(9:56:29 PM) eddieat: that's quiet important
(9:57:03 PM) eddieat: i've cleaned up the CP parser to take into account for paragraph types... like embeds etc.
(9:57:06 PM) josswinn: 7: Authoring. Well, this depends a little bit on how JISC will use the platform. Whether they will author documents in Wordpress (highly unlikely) or whether they just want to import finished .docs or .pdfs
(9:57:25 PM) eddieat: we'll have to come up with a policy to break up documents
(9:57:34 PM) josswinn: I can evaluate the current AtomPub and XML-RPC desktop tools and Office plugins
(9:57:40 PM) eddieat: for example: page breaks = new WP pagE?
(9:57:51 PM) josswinn: yes, good documentation and a suggested workflow is part of the project output
(9:57:59 PM) josswinn: right
(9:58:57 PM) eddieat: trackbacks. Me, I really want to do this. I am not comptely sure how possible this is yet
(9:59:07 PM) eddieat: i looked into the WP api
(9:59:10 PM) josswinn: OK. well, if you could gather some thoughts on how you might tackle importing from .doc or .pdf and post it to the mailing list at some point...
(9:59:16 PM) josswinn: 8: trackbacks
(9:59:21 PM) eddieat: and didn't see many trackbacks hooks
(9:59:42 PM) josswinn: you mean trackbacks from third party sites to JSICPress?
(9:59:49 PM) eddieat: so i have to research how trackback works in WP
(9:59:52 PM) eddieat: yea
(9:59:53 PM) eddieat: correct
(10:00:00 PM) josswinn: we've already shown that you can comment remotely to commentpress
(10:00:09 PM) josswinn: people have done it on writetoreply
(10:00:49 PM) eddieat: and it highlights the para?
(10:00:57 PM) josswinn: hang on...
(10:01:06 PM) eddieat: it *knows* it's from a specific para? i doubt it!
(10:01:13 PM) eddieat: pat myself in the back if it does work
(10:06:07 PM) josswinn: damn, i'm sure it worked.
(10:06:40 PM) eddieat: :)
(10:08:59 PM) josswinn: yeah, so it looks like it just trackbacks to the 'whole section' or post
(10:09:25 PM) josswinn: i would have put money on seeing paragrpah level trackbacks
(10:09:34 PM) eddieat: yea
(10:09:47 PM) eddieat: it's important. i am not sure how tricky it is, as i said
(10:10:06 PM) josswinn: OK. so 8: yours! :-)
(10:10:10 PM) eddieat: :)
(10:10:21 PM) josswinn: 9: Embedding paragraphs: yours
(10:10:28 PM) eddieat: :)
(10:10:52 PM) josswinn: 10: serialisation of documents. already done with a plugin that Tony had developed for the open university.
(10:11:30 PM) josswinn: we've got it installed on writetoreply i.e. http://writetoreply.org/communicationsdata/
(10:12:07 PM) josswinn: you can set the plugin to drip feed posts/sections at regular intervals. it paces the delivery of a text
(10:12:41 PM) josswinn: 11: autodiscovery of related content....
(10:13:06 PM) eddieat: huh
(10:13:09 PM) eddieat: that's outa my scope
(10:13:15 PM) josswinn: so you've seen the usual wp plugins that suggest 'related posts'
(10:13:45 PM) josswinn: they just look at the tags and make a guess that posts with matching tags are related.
(10:14:01 PM) eddieat: ahhhh!
(10:14:02 PM) eddieat: i see
(10:14:11 PM) josswinn: we're thinking about using OpenCalais to tag document sections
(10:14:20 PM) josswinn: are you familiar with machine tags?
(10:14:57 PM) eddieat: :)
(10:14:59 PM) eddieat: yup
(10:15:19 PM) eddieat: discussed it lots in another project i am involved in: littlesis.org
(10:15:41 PM) josswinn: so we were thinking about agreeing on some machine tags that could use opencalais to fill out the variable
(10:16:01 PM) eddieat: hum
(10:16:10 PM) josswinn: something like jisc:funding:open_calais_tag
(10:16:26 PM) josswinn: or jisc:project:open_calais_tag
(10:16:46 PM) josswinn: sorry, jisc:project:open_calais_tag
(10:16:51 PM) josswinn: oh, for christ sake!
(10:16:58 PM) josswinn: are you seeing the emoticon?
(10:17:07 PM) josswinn: you get my drift
(10:17:24 PM) eddieat: no no. i don't see emoticons
(10:17:30 PM) josswinn: there are a couple of opencalais plugins for wp.
(10:17:33 PM) eddieat: i disable those
(10:18:08 PM) josswinn: they either allow you to poll opencalais when you're writing a post, or to poll opencalais to tag your archive or previous posts
(10:18:36 PM) josswinn: opencalais returns pretty good 'semantic' tags
(10:18:58 PM) josswinn: but they often look a bit weird when compared to human created tags
(10:19:08 PM) josswinn: they can be strings of words/phrases
(10:19:19 PM) josswinn: of they can be names which you might not normally tag documents with
(10:19:56 PM) eddieat: hum.. def. possible. how high o the priority list is that?
(10:20:07 PM) josswinn: so we were thinking that opencalais could be used to tag documents automatically, invisibly to create machine tags which only appear in the html source code as <meta>
(10:20:13 PM) josswinn: not massively high
(10:20:21 PM) eddieat: those are the side of task that i can imagine being more tricky than it should
(10:20:26 PM) josswinn: yeah
(10:20:30 PM) eddieat: but if it just falls in place..  it would be great
(10:20:37 PM) josswinn: yep
(10:21:28 PM) josswinn: the related documents feature is pretty high on the list though. we want to be able to show patterns and improve discovery of related projects
(10:22:13 PM) eddieat: tags, yea
(10:22:24 PM) josswinn: I think some of this is going to come down to a well deisgned tags site architecture and a theme which exploits lots of wp's internals
(10:22:54 PM) josswinn: what have you done with machine tags before?
(10:23:21 PM) eddieat: not much. just played with the  opencalias api
(10:23:30 PM) eddieat: i did a little API PHP interface
(10:23:32 PM) eddieat: nothing comple
(10:23:33 PM) eddieat: x
(10:24:07 PM) josswinn: let's move on...
(10:24:19 PM) josswinn: 12: analytics: me and tony
(10:24:43 PM) eddieat: page speed.
(10:24:47 PM) eddieat: well both
(10:24:51 PM) eddieat: i use google pagespeed
(10:25:11 PM) eddieat: but you guys i guess will do the testing and ask me to make it faster :)
(10:25:12 PM) josswinn: obviously wp has GA plugins and there's also Piwik which we use on WriteToReply: There is no/bad markup for form tag
(10:25:35 PM) josswinn: ah, ignore the 'There's no/bad markup for form tag
(10:25:42 PM) josswinn: it's a browser error message that got copied.
(10:25:48 PM) josswinn: http://analytics.writetoreply.org
(10:25:51 PM) josswinn: there. Piwik
(10:26:08 PM) josswinn: both GA and Piwik have APIs which Tony is going to look at how they might be explited.
(10:26:10 PM) josswinn: exploited.
(10:26:28 PM) josswinn: 13: page profiling. Yours :-)
(10:26:39 PM) josswinn: we'll see how it goes, i guess.
(10:27:00 PM) josswinn: we can only do so much, but we need to show that it's been looked at and reasoned
(10:27:42 PM) josswinn: 14: semantic stuff.... well, mine I guess.
(10:28:18 PM) eddieat: yea. that would be it's own world for me
(10:28:49 PM) josswinn: Triplify is an easy way to turn the MySQL data into RDF with little effort. I've done it on my own blog. It would require a bit more thought for WPMU but could be applied to the tags site
(10:29:24 PM) josswinn: not sure what value there would be. but if we can get a couple of interesting use cases and enthusiasm from JISC, I'd be interested in giving it a try
(10:29:54 PM) josswinn: The site architecture and theming of the tags site, could be Alex's work
(10:30:15 PM) josswinn: 15: JISC site architecture: Alex
(10:30:53 PM) josswinn: there will need to be one or two decent document themes but I I think the tags site is key to bringing it all together and aiding discovery
(10:31:05 PM) josswinn: any thoughts?
(10:31:53 PM) eddieat: actually!
(10:32:09 PM) eddieat: for a current project i've developed a backend theme customizer
(10:32:26 PM) josswinn: hmmmm!
(10:32:35 PM) eddieat: the major CSS values can be changed by little color pickers etc
(10:32:44 PM) eddieat: real-time preview
(10:32:53 PM) josswinn: for commentpress or wp in general?
(10:32:58 PM) eddieat: that's actually what i am working on now.
(10:33:07 PM) josswinn: i see
(10:33:08 PM) eddieat: it's especific to a theme i developed
(10:33:14 PM) eddieat: but can be tied to commentpress
(10:33:21 PM) eddieat: maybe all of WP
(10:33:25 PM) eddieat: but it depends on specific tags
(10:34:18 PM) eddieat: i was planning on importing the code to commentpress
(10:34:21 PM) josswinn: we need to wireframe one or two document themes and discuss how they might work with commentpress
(10:34:26 PM) eddieat: exactly
(10:34:30 PM) josswinn: well, if you've got anything to show...
(10:34:56 PM) josswinn: I'll speak to Alex about that and he can maybe talk with you over the mailing list about commentpress and theming. OK?
(10:36:13 PM) josswinn: I might also ask Alex to look at the Opencalais/semantic stuff with me. there are times when faced with PHP and database schemas when I lose my way. i'm hoping he'll be able to step in with advice.
(10:37:10 PM) josswinn: 16: Accessibility. This is very high priority.
(10:37:14 PM) josswinn: yours!
(10:37:16 PM) josswinn: :-)
(10:37:34 PM) eddieat: that's what i want to start with
(10:37:36 PM) eddieat: asap
(10:37:37 PM) josswinn: I need to confirm which standards/guidelines, JSIC works to
(10:37:44 PM) eddieat: that allows me to structure the code
(10:37:47 PM) josswinn: i see.
(10:38:09 PM) josswinn: let's come back to the schedule in a minute...
(10:38:30 PM) josswinn: 17: Authentication: Mine
(10:39:15 PM) josswinn: ah, yes, I forgot to mention, the ad server used for discovery of related content. Just a mad thought that Tony had but I'll look into it.
(10:39:29 PM) josswinn: OK. happy with what we've covered?
(10:39:33 PM) eddieat: oh yea
(10:39:36 PM) eddieat: this is a lot :)
(10:39:59 PM) josswinn: so the project schedule puts coding at an early august start
(10:40:01 PM) eddieat: nice to know i will be busy!
(10:40:05 PM) josswinn: yes, you will
(10:40:23 PM) josswinn: what's your schedule like over the next two-three months?
(10:40:41 PM) eddieat: well, i want to clear it for this
(10:40:51 PM) josswinn: or rather, are you available for an august start?
(10:41:05 PM) eddieat: start in aug?
(10:41:12 PM) eddieat: i was hoping for sooner
(10:42:04 PM) josswinn: yeah, I thought so. it's just if you want to work in one solid block, that will mean starting before we've gathered user requiremements and also mean you leaving the project well before it ends.
(10:42:25 PM) eddieat: i have projects winding down now.. i don't want to start another batch
(10:42:34 PM) eddieat: then lets spread it apart
(10:43:12 PM) josswinn: ok. 
(10:43:29 PM) josswinn: so ideally, how would it work for you? bear in mind that the project runs to end of November.
(10:44:20 PM) josswinn: there's nothing to say that the platform can't be ready by end of october and I spend november cleaning up documentation.
(10:44:49 PM) josswinn: but given all the variable, I don't think it's wise to rush into it
(10:44:55 PM) josswinn: variables
(10:45:21 PM) josswinn: the project bid has a workplan in it that i'm looking at right now
(10:45:34 PM) eddieat: well, i don't want to rush, but i also don't want to delay. since i am freelance it's impossible to predict my schedule
(10:45:41 PM) josswinn: yep
(10:45:45 PM) eddieat: i have a better idea of next month than 4 months from now
(10:45:49 PM) josswinn: sure
(10:45:54 PM) eddieat: 4 months from now? who knows? i might be in china! :)
(10:46:17 PM) eddieat: but if there is something that keeps me flowing
(10:46:20 PM) josswinn: please don't go to china before end of november, unless you have a decent internet connection
(10:46:31 PM) eddieat: :) i probably won't be in china
(10:46:35 PM) josswinn: phew
(10:46:51 PM) eddieat: though, it might make our hours less awkward
(10:46:56 PM) eddieat: i wonder..
(10:46:58 PM) eddieat: china.
(10:46:59 PM) josswinn: well, we're working within a fixed budget to a project that ends 30th november
(10:47:12 PM) josswinn: i've budgeted 250hrs for you.
(10:47:26 PM) eddieat: can we literally just spread out that time
(10:47:32 PM) eddieat: i am going to be working on it no matter what
(10:47:32 PM) josswinn: so you can figure out the income from the project.
(10:48:05 PM) josswinn: i'll need to ask how to go about fixing a contract with you. there will be formailities that i've not had to deal with before.
(10:48:16 PM) eddieat: yea
(10:48:17 PM) josswinn: i'll also find out how we can pay you
(10:48:27 PM) eddieat: yea. international payment is expensive
(10:49:04 PM) josswinn: let's email about this when I have more info
(10:49:09 PM) eddieat: yea
(10:49:16 PM) eddieat: here is a plan:
(10:50:01 PM) eddieat: 50 hours a month for the next 5 months
(10:50:04 PM) eddieat: that's 250
(10:50:13 PM) josswinn: by the way, does the firehose still not work? here's the atom feed: http://www.google.com/reader/public/atom/user%2F11625963246721627235%2Fbundle%2FJISCPress%20firehose
(10:50:21 PM) josswinn: yep
(10:50:27 PM) eddieat: it does now
(10:50:31 PM) josswinn: july-nov
(10:50:35 PM) eddieat: perfect.
(10:50:50 PM) josswinn: good.
(10:50:55 PM) eddieat: that was easy
(10:51:01 PM) eddieat: actually, it just fit in place
(10:51:09 PM) josswinn: yes, thanks for being flexible.
(10:51:17 PM) eddieat: no prob :)
(10:51:44 PM) josswinn: and the features we've discussed, are you confident about most of those that are 'yours'?
(10:51:50 PM) eddieat: yea
(10:51:58 PM) eddieat: especially if it's spread across 5 months
(10:52:04 PM) josswinn: good.
(10:52:08 PM) eddieat: actually, i am more than confident
(10:52:14 PM) eddieat: but! i should not say that :)
(10:52:21 PM) eddieat: lets say "just" confident
(10:52:24 PM) eddieat: not more.
(10:52:41 PM) josswinn: it's being logged publicly so you've just committed to the entire world.
(10:52:47 PM) josswinn: :-)
(10:53:05 PM) eddieat: i can take YOU world! you hear me reader of the future!
(10:53:13 PM) eddieat: there.
(10:53:15 PM) josswinn: :-)
(10:53:55 PM) eddieat: so we're wrapping up?
(10:54:01 PM) eddieat: this is good!
(10:54:02 PM) josswinn: so over the next couple of weeks, I'll deal with your employment on the project including methods of payment
(10:54:24 PM) josswinn: i'll also try to get some firm requirements for you to start on. i imagine accessibility will be the obvious one
(10:54:38 PM) eddieat: who will be dispersing? university of lincoln?
(10:54:45 PM) josswinn: i also need to set up the basic WPMU platform on AWS
(10:54:46 PM) josswinn: yes
(10:55:03 PM) josswinn: but that shouldn't delay your work at this stage
(10:55:15 PM) josswinn: i mean AWS, not the university of lincoln
(10:56:14 PM) josswinn: ok. let's call it a day, shall we. it's 11pm here. i'm tired. it's been good to talk, eddie. i'm on IM from 9-5 BST Mon-Friday
(10:56:36 PM) eddieat: sounds good.
(10:56:43 PM) eddieat: good chatting
(10:56:51 PM) eddieat: good bye world
(10:56:51 PM) josswinn: if you want to arrange a meeting anytime, let me know. I can do them 'out of hours', too.
(10:56:58 PM) josswinn: cheers, Eddie.
(10:57:11 PM) eddieat: see ya
(10:59:14 PM) eddieat left the room.
</pre>