#summary Documents caching and other performance tips

A useful overview of how wordpress.com handles performance related issues, is given [http://maisonbisson.com/blog/post/13938/systems-wrangling-session-at-wordcamp-developer-day/ here].

A useful [http://serverqa.wordpress.com/2009/05/31/ask-your-questions-here/ Q&A] was recently given by Automattic staff for wordpress.com.

Barry, a SysAdmin for wordpress.com also [http://barry.wordpress.com/ blogs] about his work. Click on the 'servers' and 'scaling' tags.

== Caching == 

Both memory-based and file-based caching methods are supported by WordPress. 

For a single server arrangement, the file-based [http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/wp-super-cache/ wp-super-cache] is generally preferred. This plugin is written by the main developer of WordPress Multi-User and the most popular method of caching WordPress. wp-super-cache has also been [http://ocaoimh.ie/89495533/wordpress-nginx-wp-super-cache/ documented] to work with Nginx. Local PHP caches, such as APC and eAccelerator are also commonly used in combination with wp-super-cache. 

For multiple server setups, the memory-based [http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/batcache/ Batcache] is often recommended. This is used on wordpress.com with memcache. Unlike wp-super-cache, Batcache can be used as a shared cache across multiple servers, rather than a per-server cache. Batcache rides on top of the memcached object cache.


== Databases == 

Use MySQL. It is very popular and the only supported database. wordpress.com uses MySQL and it scales well. 

For multiple database setups, use [http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/hyperdb/ HyperDB]. It is developed and used by Automattic for wordpress.com and allows for considerable scaling. A 44 min presentation on HyperDB and other aspects of large scale WPMU setups, can be viewed [http://2007.wordcamp.org/schedule/hyperdb-and-performance/ here]. The slides from the presentation can be seen [http://www.slideshare.net/bazza/high-performance-wordpress here]. 

== Web server == 

Apache is the most well supported web server for use with WordPress. (WordPress is predominantly, though not exclusively, a LAMP application). It is sufficient for moderate-sized installations, but is not considered to run as quickly as Nginx or L. wordpress.com runs Nginx for serving pages and Apache for serving media. 


== digress.it ==

digress.it, the plugin which JISCPress uses to format documents and provide paragraph-level commenting has been seen to be very fast when used in combination with wp-super-cache and a modern browser, such as Chrome, FF3.5+ or Safari. Navigation between document sections involves little delay and requires no more CPU than is ordinarily required from a WordPress site.

On IE6 & 7, there is a noticeable delay when navigating pages, probably because of the heavy use of Javascript by digress.it. More recent Javascript engines in web browsers are significantly faster. IE 8 is sufficiently fast, but does not compare well to other modern browers.

The Javascript used in digress.it is compressed and significantly faster as a result of this. A typical cached page on a single server setup running JISCPress, will load in x seconds.

Example page caching results on a single, basic EC2 server, using LAMP:

Home Page: http://test.jiscpress.org

<!-- Dynamic page generated in 0.312 seconds. --> 
<!-- Cached page generated by WP-Super-Cache on 2009-12-01 16:16:44 --> 
<!-- Compression = gzip -->

Typical document section page (with 36 comments): http://test.jiscpress.org/2009/07/28/5-priority-investment-areas/

<!-- Dynamic page generated in 1.341 seconds. --> 
<!-- Cached page generated by WP-Super-Cache on 2009-12-01 16:18:39 --> 
<!-- Compression = gzip -->

Once the page is cached, the user should experience faster page loads, depending on the performance of the server, network and their choice of browser.

Using YSlow, a typical digress.it document section receives an overall performance score of 65 (Grade D). A new WordPress blog using the default Kubrick theme and testing the Hello World post, scores 76 (Grade C).